It was TV's biggest surprise of 2022, so fans were thrilled to find out that Severance had been renewed for season 2.
However, it's faced some serious obstacles, the latest being a production shut-down due to the Writers Guild of America strike.
WGA members picketed York Studios in New York City, according to Deadline, with the Adam Scott series becoming the second Apple TV+ production to shut down.
Created by Dan Erickson and with many episodes directed by Hollywood star Ben Stiller, the series stars Scott alongside Britt Lower, John Turturro, Zach Cherry, Patricia Arquette and Tramell Tillman, all of whom are expected to return for the second season.
“It’s really exciting to see the response from people who are loving the show – and the level of fan engagement,” Stiller said in a statement at the time of the renewal. “It has been a long road bringing Severance to television. I first read Dan’s pilot over five years ago.
“It has always been a multi-season story and I’m really happy we get to continue it. I’m grateful to our partners at Apple TV+ who have been behind it the whole way. Praise Kier!”
Get sci-fi news direct to your inbox
The best sci-fi news and features this side of the Outer Rim.
Email address
By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Severance season 2 release date speculation
We can likely expect Severance season 2 to be released in 2024 at the earliest following the delays.
However, it has yet to be confirmed when Severance season 2 will stream on Apple TV+.
Severance season 2 cast speculation
[Severance MDR team]
Zach Cherry, Britt Lower and John Turturro in Severance.
We can expect the following cast members to return for Severance season 2:
    Adam Scott as Mark Scout
    Britt Lower as Helly
    Zach Cherry as Dylan
    John Turturro as Irving
    Patricia Arquette as Harmony Cobel
    Tramell Tillman as Seth Milchick
    Christopher Walken as Burt
    Dichen Lachman as Ms Casey
    Jen Tullock as Devon
    Michael Chernus as Ricken Hale
As noted, it’s expected that regulars Adam Scott, Britt Lower, Zach Cherry, John Turturro, Patricia Arquette, Tramell Tillman, Christopher Walken, Dichen Lachman, Jen Tullock and Michael Chernus will return.
Given that some other guest characters died during the course of season 1, it’s less clear whether they’ll continue to be involved in the story (for example, Yul Vazquez’s “Petey” continued to appear in flashbacks and archive footage).
More like this
Severance season 2 trailer
A quick teaser trailer for season 2 was released by Apple following the renewal announcement, which you can watch above.
Severance season 2 plot speculation
Severance’s first season ends on quite the cliffhanger, so fans will be thanking Kier himself that a second season is coming to pick up where things left off. Watch out if you’re not up to date – spoilers are coming.
After a series of following the severed “Outie” life of Mark Scout and the separate “Innie” life of Mark S, the final episode combines the two plotlines, with “Innie” Mark waking up inside his body outside of the Lumon building for the first time.
And he’s not alone – thanks to Dylan’s (Zach Cherry) operation of the Overtime protocol, his MDR co-workers Helly and Irving both awaken in their “outie” bodies too. Irving (John Turturro) discovers the unsettling paintings he’s been painting of an ominous corridor in the Lumon building, then tracks down his beloved Burt (Christopher Walken) only to discover he has a partner
on the outside. Still, he’s ready to confront outie Burt as the credits roll.
Similarly, Helly (Britt Lower) discovers some hard truths. It turns out her “Outie” is none other than Helena Egan, part of Lumon’s senior staff who undertook to be “severed” as a PR exercise. Onstage at a fancy gala she exposes the truth of the severed employees’ miserable existence.
Severance
Adam Scott as Mark and Jen Tullock as his sister Devon in Severance. Apple
Meanwhile, Mark (Adam Scott) tells his sister the truth, only to discover even more lies. Seeing a photo of “his” wife he realises something the audience (and the bigwigs at Egon) have known for a while – she’s still alive and working at Lumon as the mysterious wellness rep Ms Casey (Dichen Lachman). Mark S desperately tries to communicate this in the seconds before his
“Outie” returns to control, shouting “She’s alive!” as Dylan is tackled in the Egon control room.
Altogether, there’s a lot of plot threads to pick up in a second season. Will Helly and Mark’s revelations cause a public backlash against Severance? Did Irving reach Burt? And how will the severed MDR employees be punished when they return to Lumon for their next shift?
We also still don’t know what exactly MDR are working on at Lumon, how Mark’s wife survived, why Ms Cobell (Patricia Arquette) was testing her and Mark’s interactions, or whatever the hell was going on with the baby goats. In short, there’s an awful lot still to get through, so thank goodness we’re getting more episodes to unravel it all. Waffle parties all round!
New on Apple TV+ in May 2023
New series and films arriving on Apple TV+ in May 2023 including Prehistoric Planet season 2 and Platonic.
Video Player is loading.
Current Time 0:00
Duration 1:29
Loaded: 6.63%
0:00
Stream Type LIVE
Remaining Time -1:29
 
1x
    Chapters
    descriptions off, selected
    subtitles settings, opens subtitles settings dialog
    subtitles off, selected
    en (Main), selected
This is a modal window.
Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.
Text
Color
Transparency
Background
ColorTransparency
Window
ColorTransparency
Font Size
Text Edge Style
Font Family
End of dialog window.
This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button.
Severance season 1 is streaming now on Apple TV+. For more, check out our dedicated Sci-Fi page or our full TV Guide.
Try Radio Times magazine today and get 12 issues for only £1 with delivery to your home – subscribe now. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.
Sponsored content
You may like
All about
    News, photos, videos and full episode guide
You may also like
Sponsored content
Try 10 issues for £10 and receive a £10 John Lewis & Partners gift card!
Step into summer with some specially selected products just for you!
Save up to £490* on your car insurance. Compare quotes across over 110+ providers
The best TV and entertainment news in your inbox
Sign up to receive our newsletter!
Email address
By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
[RadioTimes01-01 (1)]
    Visit us on Facebook
    Visit us on Twitter
    Visit us on Instagram
    Visit us on Pinterest
    Visit us on Youtube
    Visit us on Rss
    Privacy & Cookies
    Terms & Conditions
    Code of Conduct
    Advertise
    Complaints
    About Us
    Contact Us
    Manage Privacy Settings
null Logo
Website is owned and published by Immediate Media Company Limited. www.immediatemedia.co.uk
© Immediate Media Company Ltd. 2023
[ipso-sq]
    BBCGoodFood.com
    olivemagazine.com
    GardenersWorld.com
    MadeforMums.com
    HistoryExtra.com
    TheRecommended.com
    RadioTimesMoney.com
    RadioTimesPuzzles.com