In the beginning, there was an obfuscated Half Life 2 reference demanding, "Pick up that can." 
'Sup world!  I'm Joseph Richard Cantrell, a currently calculated 27.26105642 year old straight white male programmer with a passion for flash lighting the electron torch of mutual prosperity.  I am merely an extraordinary man and nothing more.  I will speak more on that later, but beginning November 21, 1995 at 3:29 a.m., I grew up on Emerson Avenue in the old land of the free and the new world of the 
brave, the United States of America.  Meta4's this way and meta4's that way; I'm also the United States of America, and the Golden Rule, the One rule to rule them all, is my Constitution.  
My evolved cells, their DNA, and everything else in my body have their roots in my family.  To get here, my grandmother, Paula Josefa Cantrell (1922-2003), emigrated from Germany to the U.S.A. during Adolf Hitler's bolstering of Nazi Germany in the 1930's.  After marrying my Korean War POW grandfather, Jake Richard Cantrell (1916-1991), she gave birth to my late mother, Patricia Ann Cantrell 
(1962-2016).  I only remember seeing my alleged father, Bonnell Coachman Love (1948-2021), less than ten times total, but my mother was always there for me.  
At age 5, I was prescribed Adderall for A.D.H.D., and though my disorder was mislabeled, the doctor got my two isomer medications correct; they are only means I know by which to increase intelligence by several standard deviations of IQ. At some point I questioned my faith, abandoned Christianity to be agnostic, and then at age 7 ironically pushed forward an exceptional Atheist during my first Christian 
summer camp for poor kids, Camp Joy.  For eighteen years, I lived in Columbus with my mom Patricia Cantrell before moving to Atlanta, Georgia in 2014 to attend the Georgia Institute of Technology and begin anew.  I gladly yet reluctantly abstained from Adderall for ten years until 2017 when I finally recognized my comprehension, motivation, and even visual faculties waned and required dedicated 
attention.  After four and a half years at Georgia Tech, I graduated with Bachelor of Science in Computer Science degree at the end of 2018 with more questions than answers.  
I always craved entrepreneurship for the freedom it brings myself and society.  However, massive amounts of investment capital did not exist in my household, so several months before attending college I forsook my emerging business administration degree plans and set my sights on a programming career.  As a developer I have experience programming using a diverse set of technologies from electrical 
circuits and assembly to C, Java, and Python.  I prefer simple, dynamically typed procedural programming, and I coded this website by teaching myself the barebones set of PHP, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript with the wealth of knowledge on the internet.  My server even identifies as an Apache L.-A.M.P.  
I love playing video games and have learned to make my own games using the open source game engine Godot beginning with the 2D arcade games Untrumpable and Prophet Launcher in February 2018 and continuing with Prophet Launcher 3D in late 2020.  Eventually I've gotten around to writing my own interactive stories with the my horror foray For My Aspect in June 2021.  I host them in Windows, Android, and 
Linux formats at itch.io, an independent game developer hub.  Much like my preference for gaming laptops over more modular desktops, I prefer cross platform generation tools like Godot and NativeScript because they greatly speed up throughput efficiency by consolidating programming assets to a singular entity.  With my cross platform brain and a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, I am a doctor 
with no Ph.D., and there is nothing beyond my mind!  Everything is easy; piece by piece and step by step I can read, analyze, and apply any information.  In the future, I could find it worthy to get a Master of Science degree in a field related to programming and neuroscience.  
Enumerated here are some of the things which keep a smile on my face.  First of all, I like being at home and don't like to travel.  I've never left my birth country; I plan to stay in the best country in the world, the United States of America, for my entire life.  I don't like driving, and I never got my driver's license until I was 25.  After 26 years of never leaving two states away from Georgia, 
I moved to Seattle via airplane, but I vowed to never fly again.  I have everything I need at home, and I prefer to hold onto my possessions for a long time.  
I have spent 84 days of my life playing Modern Warfare 2 and 50 days playing Borderlands 2 on Xbox 360.  This equates to 6.8% of my time in high school mostly playing Search and Destroy in Modern Warfare 2.  Metro Exodus and Modern Warfare are currently my favorite games, and I have moved to the Windows gaming platform since 2014 (PCMA$TER4C34LYF3).  I also enjoy games like BioShock Infinite, Amnesia: 
A Machine for Pigs, and Dark Souls. My favorite type of music is metal, and some of my favorite artists are Slayer, Soilwork, and Boosie BadAzz, though I'm also quite partial to the series Punk Goes...  Animated television shows are my favorite because they are an inexpensive artistic medium attracting eccentric talent, and thus I rank The Boondocks and ChäoS;HEAd very highly. Although I moreso enjoy 
the longer plot development afforded by other storytelling mediums, some of my favorite movies are Tropic Thunder, Scarface, and The Texas Chainsaw Massacre Part 2.  The Stranger by Albert Camus and Brave New World are some of my favorite novels, and although I quite enjoyed The Hobbit, The Lord of the Rings was respectfully difficult for me to finish at times.  To improve my writing skills and remember 
my extravagant past, I write about notable life events in a journal wherein I have collected over 200,000 words detailing my adventures, good and bad, solo and grouped.  As I am that is, that is, I write more than I read now, and I'm inspired by longer tales like the Inheritance, Redwall, Warriors, and The Merlin Saga book series.  
I like to cook my meals in a big crockpot with nine spicy red peppers like the Carolina Reaper, Trinidad Moruga Scorpion, and Ghost Pepper to enhance flavor and nutrition.  My favorite chocolate candy is Reeses, and to feed my inner sugar fiend, I once ate a luxury dessert of a baker's dozen original glazed Krispy Kreme donuts in one sitting.  I vape cannabis at high temperature to enhance my appetite 
and taste for food, and then I make the remains into chocolate brownies.  Although it seems like I eat a lot, I do not consume alcohol, tobacco, or even beer bratwurst.  To expend all those essential calories and amino acids, I weightlift every few days and perform bench press, bent over rows, military press, barbell curls, deadlifts, light stability squats, and weighted pullups to build strength and 
stay healthy.  Lately, my best deadlift is five repetitions of 405 pounds.  In lifting all this weight and putting it back down, there's no obfuscation this perpetuates a positive feedback loop demanding I consume more food to lift more weight.  
For artistic revelry, I've focused on programming video games solely using Godot.  First, I was inspired to create unique games to quickly finish during five minutes of spare time awaiting the results of austere necessities like waiting for my McDonalds meal.  After creating a few including Prophet Launcher, my favorite, I've learned to make 3D games and begun weaving my own stories into these games.  
At age eleven, I once wrote 90,000 words (one third of my planned plot) of a novel called Krelzor's Quest, similar to Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Blue Rescue Team and Redwall but with my own unique talking creatures.  I long ago abandoned and lost that project, but I've begun channeling that same writing energy from prose to the interactive, visual, and auditory video game experience with my first entry, 
For My Aspect (F.M.A.), completed in 2021.  
There's also quite a long trail of things I can list that I hate and avoid.  I don't like most science fiction, superheroes, romance, sports, and musical theatre types of entertainment. This means I hate Star Wars, High School Musical, Star Trek, Georgia Tech college football, and Friends. In addition, find other distasteful artistries here: The Avengers, The Simpsons, and Fifty Shades of Grey.  I do 
not like sadism, whether it is employed by individuals or groups, under the guise of Santa Clause, Corporation Inc, or the necessary and proper clause.  I neither drink alcohol nor smoke tobacco, especially foul tasting poison like gin and vodka, and I most often prefer the solitary shade of my personal domicile to the illustrious city lights adorning the outdoors.  In reference to the exterior world, I 
do not entertain the notion of Schrodinger's unobserved yet superimposed alive and dead cat just as I do not care that in the year 2016, an invisible economic hand felled an unbeknownst tree in the woods in the opposite hemisphere of Earth.  
Although I do not pursue it, the origin of Earth and its surrounding universe interests me.  The three spacial dimensions before you intertwine with time, elucidating spacetime or my preferential articulation, "timespace".  When your velocity increases, time will tick more slowly for you.  To explain this, consider outside light information travels via absorption in your eyes' cones to your prefrontal 
cortex for complex analysis via fast moving electron action potentials through wirelike structures in the body.  When a speedier portion of the human neural network is utilized to carry this light information to the prefrontal cortex, this same outside spatial scene will be analyzed by the prefrontal cortex in less time (more slow motion) as the same spatial light information is pumped around the brain 
and moves outside in its own space at a constant speed of approximately three hundred million meters per second.  In mathematics, it is easy to imagine four spatial dimensions using linear algebra.  Thus, time can be seen as an extension of space: a fourth dimension creating timespace.  
Stephen Hawking conjectures this universe is an offshoot of a universe encapsulating more dimensions.  Any "timespacial" dimensions perpendicular to these four timespacial dimensions would be imperceptible to us.  In mathematics, it is also easy to imagine an infinite number of dimensions impacting our world beyond timespace such as the impact of gravity on timespace.  I will now ponder Hawking's 
analysis as it can be metaphorical to my personal analysis based moreso in my knowledge of discrete mathematics.  It is easy to imagine this universe can be perpendicular in space to another universe; quantum entanglement indicates this universe is a self-containing system originating from a place where our perception of time does not exist at all.  If two particles are entangled, a change in the state 
of one particle will instantaneously flip the state of the partner particle.  This quantum exchange of information cannot be measured as the particle's state changes as one measures its properties.  This correlation of particles shows there is one more time dimension governing this quantum leap: imaginary time, nothing more than another aptly named physical law like gravity or light time.  
In Hawking's analysis, along each point in this fifth dimension, the characteristics of timespace are predicted as points in a five dimensional (x-y-z-time-iTime) plane.  Through an anomalous Big Bang, imaginary time wrought a single point in timespace: our universe.  This point in the newfound timespace, a singularity analogous to a black hole, contained all the matter and energy in our known 
universe.  Because the grandiose mass of a black hole gravitates light to absolute zero velocity and halts the flow of time, the Big Bang's initial scatter of mass created time.  It is said by many physicists that black holes are anomalies in our universe, and the physics governing our universe apply neither there nor in the singularity.  In a different and more likely hypothesis of the timespacial 
analysis of light in black holes, these photons would gravitate around the black hole's center of mass without changing their speed limit.  After the Big Bang, stars collected and nuclear fusion supernovae spewed forth larger atoms such as carbon to coalesce into planets.  Water molecules allowed autonomous machines called bacteria cells to collect and mutate into multicellular organisms such as fungi 
and humans.  The observable universe is expanding, and for every gravitating coalescence there matters an equal but opposite dissipation of time.  The universe will collapse back into a timespace singularity, yet ever increasing entropy information ensures time forever flows forward as matter and energy also continue intermingling.  As disorder and information about that disorder increases in the world 
as time and space move forward, traveling backwards in time would create a logical paradox because a point in timespace with less information cannot be achieved moving forward.  The laws of physics shall once again break down in this new singularity proposed by Stephen Hawking, and a new universe will reign, but it shall not be our own.  
Aside conjecture, as I know at some base instance of rationality, there must exist one finite self contained system, a universe with universal and eternal laws of physics, which has always existed and will always persist without the need for creation as you cannot infinitely recurse creation.  Infinity simply does not exist and the calculated limit of the universe is real.  Like the old flat Earth 
theory to the new round Earth theory, the universe must have some slight curvature such that moving along it in one direction from one spot will yield an eventual return to that same position.  Given the finite and discrete nature of space, there must be a finite number of states in the state machine of the universe.  The universe moves through this state machine as the smallest particles of space 
continually tick and move through the discrete and not infinitesimal movements allowed in space.  These ticks are governed by some inherent property of the universe in relation to the constant movement of light in relation to the proportional trade of matter and the energy of matter, its propensity to move through space (ΔE=Δmc2).  Time, insofar as I can derive with my limited knowledge of physics, 
has no particle governing it, and as such time, like velocity, acceleration, and jerk, is a discrete human construct elocuting the discrete movement of space in relation to these ticks.  
Like a fractal mathematical function without an infinite input, the universe ticks along with universal and eternal laws of calculated physics governing matter, energy, light, gravity, and their intertwined limits.  Because the matter of the universe must at some tick have reached every possible state in the finite configurations of its state machine, the matter of the universe must eventually cycle back 
to a previous state.  This could take trillions of years yet likely many more, and such a rotation unobservable in the human frame of reference of one hundred years of life.  Considering the impossible scenario proposed wherein the finite amount of finitely reproducing organisms could live "forever" and become mostly self sufficient in energy expenditure, they will still need to consume enough finite 
external energy to at least offset the black body photons proportionally radiating with their atoms' vibratory temperatures.  After reproducing enough times, there would be no more lifeless matter for human life and its gravitation toward masses of solitary black hole evolutions to consume.  Even without black body radiation past the event horizon of black holes, the law of gravity in the finite vacuum 
of space will pull these masses together and push them apart in a violent rapture of matter and energy, thus preventing a singularity black hole from existing.  Because I have no memory of life before my birth, I will eventually return to such a calculated configuration of matter in my mother's womb, and I will even return to the configuration of matter calculated to choose typing this sentence despite 
irrevocable loss of my memory in my death.  Mathematically, I elect to forego the sunk cost fallacy here in favor of limiting my introduction. 
As I neurally wave farewell here, I remain an atheist, and I'm delighted scientists are still researching to move humanity to its highest apexes of enlightenment.  My various neurotransmitter release rates decelerate over time due to a prenatal genetic alteration by alcohol and tobacco, but in my neural disturbances, I've danced and conversed with processions of rainbow "ghost" women to keep me company 
through the occasional derivative misty night. From age five to age twenty-six, I called this attention deficit hyperactive disorder, A.D.H.D. Now, I've grown to call this part of myself the descript phrase Neural Deceleration Disorder, N.D.D. By selectively disconnecting certain neurons and combining slow motion adrenaline release, I am first to declare I am the strongest man alive by such mechanisms.  
Neurons and other cells in parts of my body like the eyes, visual cortex, cerebral cortex, and prefrontal cortex work somewhat independently yet are holistically intertwined like a networked graph to create the reality I perceive.  The website logo of josephcantrell.org in the top left is an image of my brain generated using an MRI machine at Georgia Tech, and it is encoded with the recognition of my 
motivations.  Decode my obfuscated code in my home executive functions JS file, and refresh straight away for secret magnetic induction powers to blacken the hole of the Milky Way.  101010x3!  