All my life I've been trying to clean up this so called community.  If you knew
me at all then I'm sure you know where I would be heading with this message.
This message isn't to be taken lightly.  I'm sorry I'm just not perfect, I'm sorry
that I'm dangerous.  I feel it's best for everyone's safety if I just disappear.
I've talked to some of my closest friends and they told me the same thing,
just to leave during the night when no ones on.  That way no one can try
to hold me back from leaving.  I've been wanting to do this for a very long time,
believe me on that.  I never meant for anyone to get attached or close to me,
but if you did then I'm sorry.  Sometimes things don't work out in the end like
we all wanted.  I can't clean up this so called community on my own, but who
else besides me has enough power to do it? probably no one.  Those who
stuck around me know that I'm not a skid like everyone says.  I just acted
stupid to people as a part of a social engineering scheme.  I recently came
back to bring my rep back up, well that happened.  Some of us give up and
some of us don't.  My stress and anxiety is slowly killing me more than you
would ever know.
When I started hacking back in 06' I knew what I was
getting into, I just didn't know it would be this hard to leave.  I love all of you
as a family, some of you more than others.  That's not the point, the point is
that I really did care.  I'm sure many of you witnessed the scary side of me,
others have probably heard about it.  I don't like who I am and its too late to
change that about me.  If you hung around me long enough you would see
that I'm protective.  Well yes indeed I am protective, more than I should be.
Just admit it okay, you had a good laugh around me.  I want all of you not to
forget me, but keep the memories we have.  Memories are all I really have
left of my old friends, but recently I've been losing a lot of memory.  Back to
the point, I'm sorry if me leaving hurts you.  If you ever feel down, in need,
feel unwanted, feel scared.  Maybe one day if you message me, maybe one
day i'll show up to help you. Don't expect it, but always try.  Think the way I
would, There's three sides to every story at least. The truth, my side, and
your side.  Anyway sorry for taking up so much of your time, Deuces g.