Our Sun Is No Longer Yellow
    The Event Chronicle Editor Note: I grew up in the 70s and vividly remember 
the distinctive yellow-tinged hue of our sun that gave off a softer warmth that 
is vastly different than our sun today. I’ve tried to talk to people about this 
over the years and have even gotten into silly arguments with family members 
over this topic.
    I was pleased to hear Jay Weidner bring up this topic on Cosmic Disclosure 
in The Great Solar Flash episode earlier this year. Here’s Jay’s quote from the 
episode:
    “But there’s another thing I want to talk about, which is what this . . . 
what I think this flash is in a physical way. And that is that the equator of 
the Sun rotates every 26 days, while the north and south hemispheres rotate 
every 37 days.
    And what happens is the bottom of the Sun goes this way (counterclockwise), 
and the top of the Sun goes this way (clockwise), and you create torsion shear, 
it’s called. And after a while, this build up. It starts crossing each other and 
building up, and it takes about 25,000 or so years for this to just completely . 
. . and we’re at that place right now.
    The Sun used to be yellow. Okay? The Sun is no longer yellow. It’s white 
now. And I’m old enough to tell you, it used to be yellow. And anybody my age 
will tell you that the Sun definitely was yellow.
    If you look at little kids’ drawings from 30 or 40 years ago, . . . Now they 
draw the Sun as white, but we used to draw the Sun as yellow.
    And it’s changed, and NASA knows this. And I think chemtrails are attempts 
by the elites to dampen this incredible light.
    I know guys who do construction, and they tell me . . . they’re in their 
40s, and they tell me that, Jay, 75 degrees doesn’t feel like 75 degrees 
anymore. It feels like 95 degrees.
    He says, “It says 75 degrees, but I’m absolutely toasting on the roof of the 
house that I’m baking.” And I said, that’s because the solar, the UV, is through 
the roof. We’ve never seen UV like the ultraviolet like they see it right now.
    And NASA doesn’t know what to do. They’re actually changing their whole idea 
about how to carbon date and everything, because the Sun is not a stable star. 
They now know it.
    When I first came out with my work about 15 years ago, NASA called me an 
alarmist and said, “He’s an alarmist”. They said, “He’s an alarmist. Don’t pay 
attention.”
    Now NASA’s really concerned about this and is advocating putting generators 
on nuclear power plants, because if you have one of these, an EMP will happen, 
and everything will be wiped out. And they’re really, really worried about it.
    And so in 15 years, they’ve changed their mind, and it’s good.”
  JAY WEIDNER, THE GREAT SOLAR FLASH (COSMIC DISCLOSURE SEASON 7, EPISODE 5)
===========================
» Related: Climate change myth SMASHED as scientists confirm solar activity is a 
significant driver of Earth’s climate ***
===========================
Our Sun Is No Longer Yellow
    By Norman Bird
    Humanity is undergoing an ascension of consciousness, as outlined by the 
Mayans.
    Who said, basically, “the old world would come to an end.” And many assumed 
it meant the end of the planet. Just like some see the word Apocalypse as having 
a negative cogitation, when in fact it does not. In actuality we are now seeing 
that what the Mighty Mayans actually were referring to was that there would be 
an ascension of consciousness for humanity as a whole. Yes there were a lot of 
predetermined expectations of death and destruction etc. surrounding the the 
date December 21st, 2012, but none of that really happened. What DID happen was 
this:
Instructions from the Sun
    Our star, Sol, started to heat up and burn hotter. It 
transformed from a yellow dwarf star to a radiant white star. If you Google and 
research images of our Sun you will see a lot of yellow and orange depictions. 
This is because our star was actually yellow in appearance at one time. It was 
and is still formally and informally classified as a yellow dwarf star in may 
text books, publications and we can see so here on wikipedia.
    I can remember seeing our yellow sun with my own eyes when I was a youth 
back in the 70’s and 80’s. It has been a yellow dwarf star for many thousand of 
years. It was not until about 10 years ago when I started personally becoming 
aware that the sun was no longer yellow. That NOW, during the new Age of 
Aquarius, in this time of ascension, it has heated up. It is burning much 
hotter, and is now radiant white in appearance.
Not Newsworthy
    I myself think that this is a fairly important occurrence and maybe, just 
maybe, we should be talking about it. But apparently CNN does not consider this 
news and have never done a story on this. The so called best journalists around 
the world who work for the BBC, CNN, Washington Post and Daily news etc. Have 
not seen that there is a story here yet. How lucky for me then, I get to be the 
one to have the exclusive.
  News flash!  Our sun has heated up and has changed color!
    How do we know that it has heated up? Well, the color has changed which fire 
does do as it temperature increases. Everything in our solar system has heated 
up has it not? The temperature on Earth is heating up isn’t it? Yes, man and its 
immature use of fossil fuel and its emissions have surely sped up the process a 
bit, but we are assured by higher dimension being like Bashar and Adronis that 
even without humanity’s industrial and transportational recklessness, the solar 
system would still be heating up. Because our star has.
    What other signs that our solar system has gotten hotter have we seen? 
Pluto! Remember Pluto the ICE planet. It became so small that we were having 
discussions of whether it is a planet or not. Those discussions were calculated, 
and designed to avoid the topic of WHY Pluto was getting smaller. Someone did 
not want Humanity to become aware of how Sol, or star, was heating up. Maybe the 
same people who seem to control our expert media.
    That would give credence to the New Age Spirituality movement, which would 
lead to questions and answers about who The Creator really is and who we truly 
are, and it was decided that this topic would dis-empower those who feel Earth 
is their planet. We are talking about humans who we have given our power over to 
in the form of “governments,” and who are out of integrity. They would rather we 
argue endlessly over “climate change” than know the truth behind where the heat 
is actually coming from.
  Our Star Was a Yellow Dwarf, not anymore
    Here is a link to a Google Images search for the word SUN: Google search 
results for the word “sun.”
    You will notice that you see a lot of Yellow depictions of the star of our 
solar system. Our Sun. Why is that? For thousand of years man has depicted our 
sun as being Yellowish in color…because that is what they saw. Look at the 
illustrations and art that is in our museums. Yellow or yellowish suns. Much 
like these shown below.
    Our Star Was a Yellow Dwarf, not anymore
    Member What Gave Superman His Strength? Member?
    Our Star Was a Yellow Dwarf, not anymore
    Our YELLOW sun! In the story, Superman’s home planet of Krypton has a red 
sun whose intensity is of a lower frequency that our Yellow sun of Earth. So 
since Superman was born under the weaker star, here under our stronger yellow 
sun, he is much stronger. The story is told this way because at the time the 
story was written by DC comics, our sun WAS yellow. It was a Yellow Dwarf Star, 
as outlined in all our textbooks.
    So if a yellow star is stronger frequentially than a red star, then imagine 
how much stronger a white star is in frequency. Imagine what it means to 
humanity, that our star is now increasing in frequency and turning white. Will 
that turn us into Supermen with increased abilities?
What Color Do You See Now?
    Now go outside, on a sunny clear day and feast upon the star of our solar 
system with your very own eyes. Now ask your self “what color is this star?” You 
will most likely agree with me that it is a radiant white star. Absolutely no 
yellow at all. And we know that a WHITE flame burns much hotter that a yellow 
flame right?
    So our solar system is heating up. Because our Star, Sol, is burning much 
hotter.
Now For Some Science
    As plant life and foliage seem to take their instruction from the sun, so 
too does everything in our star system take instructions from our star, Sol. And 
Sol has been coordinating, manifesting an increase in consciousness for our 
entire solar system. It has been doing so by burning brighter and transmitting 
its radiance at a much higher frequency. This has had some phenomenal results 
like:
    Raising the Schumann Resonance frequency of the planet Earth. It used to be 
around 7.8 Hz (think yellow sun), but now it now ever increasing and went 
through the range of 12-15 Hz, and as of this writing it is way above 30 Hz.
    Here is a definition of Schumann Resonance that I like and took from the 
site themindunleashed.com:
    The Schumann resonances are oscillating magnetic frequencies that happen in 
the Earth’s electromagnetic spectrum. They are said to be generated by 
electromagnetic changes that happen within the earth’s core, that then affect 
the earth’s surface, and ionosphere, including the sentient beings living upon 
it.
    What that means is that our star, Sol, an intelligent conscious being, has 
decided that it is time for humanity to ascend in consciousness to the next 
higher level. So it raises its own vibration and emits this much higher 
frequency to all its planets and their inhabitants, causing the core of the 
planets to spin faster, producing more heat and therefore heating up the 
planets. At the same time this changes the oscillating frequency that the 
planet’s electronics vibrate to. Its frequency, its heartbeat raises. And as 
planetary frequential resonance increases, humanity’s consciousness, somehow 
also increases; since our consciousness is also simply just a frequential 
resonance itself. Everything in our Universe breaks down to resonance.
    Its all sound. “In the beginning there was the Word…” a sound.
    All matter vibrates. Everything is resonating at a frequency. Even a steel 
table at the atomic level is resonating, vibrating. The solidity of matter is a 
pure illusion.
    And the mighty Mayans knew all this. Saw all this coming. The world as we 
knew it wouldend. Because the world as we know it, meaning the world of 
politics, money, classes, sects, governments and secrets, was created with this 
“lower” level of consciousness. And as they knew that we would be increasing in 
consciousness, thanks to our sun, the Mayans also knew that this NEW 
consciousness would cause us to change everything.
All Will Be Revealed In The End
    We are told and we can see, that this new higher frequential consciousness 
will make humanity a more loving, more compassionate race of beings. It is said 
that in the New Age of Aquarius all the secrets will be revealed. Are we not 
seeing ALL the secrets slowly being revealed? Isn’t there a light now being shed 
on the most secretive and destructive agencies on the planet? Do you think that 
humanity will allow things to be “business as usual?” Of course not. Everything 
will change. The Mayans were right.
    What is the final book in the bible? Revelations right? Here is the 
definition of the word Revelation according to dictionary.com. I have changed 
nothing:
    Noun
    The act of revealing or disclosing; disclosure. Something revealed or 
disclosed, especially a striking disclosure, as of something not before 
realized. In theology. God’s disclosure of Himself and His will to His 
creatures. an instance of such communication or disclosure. something thus 
communicated or disclosed. something that contains such disclosure, as the 
Bible. (initial capital letter). Also called Revelations, The Revelation of St. 
John the Divine. the last book in the New Testament; the Apocalypse. 
Abbreviation: Rev. So we see that the word revelations mean that there will be 
disclosing or disclosure. Something not before realized. And maybe Gods will for 
his creatures(that’s humanity). And we also see that the book of revelations is 
also know as the Apocalypse.
Apocalypse
    What a dreadfully scary word huh? Or so we have been led to believe. Mind 
controlled to believe. When a child or an adult for that matter watches even the 
trailer to one of these  films, they are left with the belief that the word 
Apocalypse is a very unwanted scenario. If you believe that the word Apocalypse 
has a negative connotation, congratulations, you have been a victim of mind 
control. Weaponized mind control, courtesy of your local secret intelligence 
branch. And tax payer funded.
Apocalypse
    Lets observe the true meaning of the word Apocalypse. The original meaning 
of the word goes back to the Ancient Greek which actually means…The lifting of 
the veil.
    Here again is exactly what dictionary.com says:
    Noun (initial capital letter) revelation (def 4). Any of a class of Jewish 
or Christian writings that appeared from about 200 b.c. toa.d. 350 and were 
assumed to make revelations of the ultimate divine purpose. A prophetic 
revelation, especially concerning a cataclysm in which the forces of 
goodpermanently triumph over the forces of evil. Wow! It says that the word 
Apocalypse is firstly synonymous with the word revelation. Or disclosure. It 
also refers to a group of ancient writings that are assumed to reveal the 
ultimate divine purpose. Sounds like something good about our nature is going to 
be revealed. And finally it says that Apocalypse means a “cataclysm” in which 
GOOD PERMANENTLY TRIUMPS over evil. I am OK with that, are you?
    So there will be a lot of unknowns revealed to humanity, at the “end.” And 
we know from the Mayans that the old word did end on December 21st 2012, and 
since then we HAVE been seeing much revealed haven’t we?
    We are seeing whistle blowers after whistle blowers now who are not only 
telling us all the secrets that were kept hidden from us, These whistle blowers 
all seem to be under some kind of magical protection from harm. Thank the 
Creator for that right? Its almost like this ascension process is somehow 
ordained by some higher divine plan. It appears that the Apocalypse is upon is 
now. We just have to realize (real eyes) that its a good thing. Sure its a bad 
thing if you are evil, it means you are “about to be triumphed.”
Whistleblower
    There can sometime be misunderstandings, through mind control etc. So lets 
look at the definition of a whistleblower shall we?
    Noun A person who informs on another or makes public disclosure of 
corruption or wrongdoing.
    All our whistle blowers, of late, appear to be more and more being protected 
and are fine; compared to years ago. One would be too afraid to go up against 
the powers of a world government like the United States. You would be silenced 
quick fast and in a hurry. But now there is a new pattern where we see that 
there is a divine protection around those who bring to the light what our out of 
integrity human government is doing in the dark. Almost like something has 
awakened something in the heart of humanity.
    Julian Assange of wikileaks. He is safe and allowed to continue his “divine” 
revelations and bring forth the information that is of service to the whole via 
his organization wikileaks.org. We, humanity that has already been awoken, love 
his work and thank him and will continue to support him, as he supports us. He 
is receiving and will continue to receive protection from Ecuador, whose 
indigenous people go back over 11,000 years to when the mighty Mayans themselves 
walked the Earth.
    Julian against seemingly incredible odds continue to reveal the truth to 
humanity, as a TRUE journalist is allowed to do. Even though he has been 
threatened with the wrath of the most dangerous government on planet Earth, he 
remains alive and well and unstopped. He is protected as he is an agent of the 
divine forces overseeing the ascension process. He is now even dating Pamela 
Anderson.
    Edward Snowden, who has worked for the NSA and CIA and knew the inner 
workings and these secret organizations, saw the injustice and did his duty as 
he was guided by his inner voice. He revealed much truth about the lies and 
illegal actions of this same United States of America.
    Revealed, via the State Dept. Cables, how the USA would shake hands with 
their “allies” with one hand and at the same time stab their allies in the 
back.This revelation caused a lot of USA “allies” to see the true picture and 
make wiser decisions. This revelation led to the strengthening of the BRICS 
union, an alliance which will eventually replace the powerful union which was 
that of the USA and the European union. It also lead to many geopolitical moves 
like Brexit. A lot has changed due to the Snowden revelations, and much of it 
may have not been easily seen by the average person, due to a lack of reporting 
from the “main media” who do not appear to consider this news.
    Edward Snowden remains safe and happy with his girlfriend and living under 
asylum in Russia.
    Corey Goode
    Now, Corey Goode is my favorite whistleblower of them all. I would guess 
that even Edward Snowden is not yet aware of him. No one who cares about 
legitimacy in the “public eye” seems to be uttering Corey’s name, at least in 
public.
    You see, Corey is revealing COSMIC DISCLOSURE and was a member of the Secret 
Space Program. He has a lot of information out there where is speaking about 
things like how humans have colonized Mars since the 60’s and how they are slave 
like colonies on Mars ran and controlled by the same contractors that are used 
by the CIA here on Earth. This is one of the huge things humanity has to see and 
incorporate and process, and many are simply not ready yet.
    Corey, like the other 2 major whistle blowers, is also not in jail and 
heavily protected by divine will. If you are not familiar with Corey Goode and 
his information that he is revealing about our secret space program, you can be 
brought up to speed real fast by watching the show he has with David Wilcock, 
called Cosmic Disclosure, which is on Gaia.com. This link uses Corey’s affiliate 
code so he gets credit when you go to Gaia.com
    You can watch the first 3 episodes of season 1 there for free without 
signing up for anything. I would also recommend episode 7 of season one as that 
was a jaw dropper for me as it introduced into my consciousness the idea of the 
“German Breakaway Society” that later took over the United States of America. It 
explains a lot. Why American politicians can give a shit about Americans etc.
    Corey’s information is for mature individuals that are ready to take the red 
pill, like in the movie The Matrix. You need to have your big boy pants on to 
accept his stuff. It is OK if you are not ready.
    Corey Goode is also alive and well and lives with his family, safely in 
Houston, TX. These whistle blowers can not be harmed and are here to facilitate 
the ascension of planet Earth, through their revelations, and by divine 
dispensation.
    Even if you check out Corey’s info and you do not believe it, you have to 
ask yourself, why is it that no one in the “main media” is covering this stuff. 
Think about it, don’t you see them covering all the athletes who claim that the 
Earth is flat? You will not see one word mentioning Corey Goode’s information in 
any major publication, but he has been on most alternative media and all over 
Youtube though, go figure.
    Here is a list of a lot of whistleblowers helping with the divine 
revelations that still continues. It started a long long time ago and will 
continue until ALL is revealed and known by the masses. So please support your 
local whistle blower and thank THEM for their service.
    As you can see it is all connected. The Mayans, our star heating up, 
prophesied revelations, and our whistle blowers being protected and even allowed 
to continue revealing, and working unharmed. All seem to be part of a divine 
undertaking, as predicted by the Mayans. Everything is changing. And we can see 
from where all the changes originated. All we have to do is look up on a clear 
day and see that our sun is no longer a yellow dwarf star. It is a now a 
brilliant white star.
    Image Source
Norman Bird is a student/teacher, author, speaker and life coach on all things 
Nature of Reality and being happy. And has studied Alchemy with the Lords of 
Light and Ascended Masters. His website is normanbird.com and 
creationislove.com.
This article (Our Sun Is No Longer Yellow) was originally published on In5D and 
syndicated by The Event Chronicle. 
https://web.archive.org/web/20190108081713/http://www.theeventchronicle.com/editors-pick/sun-no-longer-yellow/
======================================================================
RELATED POSTS
  The 3 Trigger Terms Being Used to Stop Critical Thinking
    August 16, 2018
  Roundup ingredient found in Cheerios, Quaker Oats, and other cereals
    August 16, 2018
  The Strangeness of the California Fires
    August 16, 2018
======================================================================
4 COMMENTS
SCOTT on April 21, 2017 1:57 PM
    (Tried multiple times to post this on Norman’s site but failed)
    Norman, Your article, Our Sun Is No Longer Yellow, hit home for me. I, too, 
grew up in the 70’s (I turn 50 later this year). In fact, I was raised in the 
Sunshine State of Florida. My family moved to Colorado in 1980 (I was 12) though 
I often returned to FL for summer visits to see both sets of grandparents who 
still resided in central FL — Cocoa Beach to be precise. After raising 2 kids, I 
returned to FL for good and have resided here since 2005.
    Now, I’ve oft wondered if it were false memories from the “minds eye of a 
child” which caused me to believe that the sun didn’t appear as yellow nowadays. 
Not only that, but the ambient heat feels near unbearable when above 80 degrees 
here in FL. I’m no stranger to the heat. As a boater I spend lots of time on the 
water, and from the late 90’s to mid-2000’s I kept my boat in Lake Havasu City, 
Arizona (Mohave Desert) and spent countless days in temps between 110-120 
degrees Fahrenheit.
    While growing up in the 70’s in FL our home didn’t have the luxury of air 
conditioning, and aside from a few choice summer days we didn’t think two beans 
about it since most nights were bearable with a fan. Now, I can’t fathom the 
thought of living without A/C even during much of the winter months!
    I recently talked with some FL natives… ol’ school construction leathernecks 
in their 50’s & 60’s…and finally found a few who agreed with me about the heat 
compared to back then! Then, I came across your article posted on Event 
Chronical and have to say I FINALLY feel somewhat validated! I’ll ADD that not 
only is the sun NOT yellow but daytime skies where a MUCH deeper BLUE back 
then….prior to the geoengineering/chemtrails fk’n it all up!
    Anyway, just had to give a shout out and say thanks! Oh, BTW I too dig 
Goode/Wilcock and many others (with a discerning eye) and believe we, humanity, 
are on the cusp of shedding the incessant evil that has gripped this planet for 
centuries. Can’t wait to discover our origins/hidden history and hopefully 
explore the stars. Oh, and age-regression technology lol
    To the Light! Scott
        EDITOR on April 23, 2017 10:32 AM
            Your comments are some of the same arguments I’ve had with my 
            relatives! They claim that I simple can’t tolerate the heat because 
            I’m older. I respectfully disagree. There use to be a more golden 
            glow about everything, now it’s BRIGHT white outside, and yes the 
            sky use to be a different shade of blue.
            Thanks for stopping by. I feel so validated hearing from others 
            about this. haha 🙂
LIGHT on April 22, 2017 11:57 PM
    It’s true,I had the same feeling before I saw this article.
MICHELLE MANDOLF on April 27, 2017 3:38 PM
    I tend to agree. After growing up in San Diego, always in the heat. Even 
lived in the Mojave Desert for a year, with nothing more than a tent at some 
turquoise mines. Now I live in N Idaho, go out on a sunny day of 75 deg and the 
skin feels as if it is burning (an intense burning) after being out for just 5 
minutes. I have spoke of this to other’s in the last couple years & have 
confirmation. The sun is whiter and thought it might be chemtrails, reflecting & 
changing the color, for I remember the sun being yellow too.