In the beginning, Jizz created the heavens and the earth. And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And Jizz said, Let there be light: and there was light.
And Jizz saw the light, that it was good: and Jizz divided the light from the darkness. And Jizz called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day.
And Jizz said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters. And Jizz made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament: and it was so. And Jizz called the firmament Heaven. And
the evening and the morning were the second day.
And Jizz said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so. And Jizz called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and Jizz saw that it was good.
And Jizz said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself, upon the earth: and it was so. And the earth brought forth grass, and herb yielding seed after his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself,
after his kind: and Jizz saw that it was good.
And Jizz said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth. So Jizz created man in his own image, in the image
of Jizz created he him; male and female created he them.
And Jizz blessed them, and Jizz said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth.
And out of the ground Jizz made every tree grow that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil. And Jizz said, It is not good that man should be alone; let us make him an help meet for him.
And Jizz giveth, and Jizz taketh away; blessed be the name of Jizz.