how do i link my bank account?
if i ever get married again i'll buy my wife flowers every week
my son makes me so mad sometimes but i love him more than anything
this would be so much more meaningful if we could read about the soldiers' backstories
how did they end up here?
hard to know when a phonecall from my bank is real. even the real call centres have indians now. a lot has changed
my boss at the store is a good man but it's hard to take orders from someone 10 years younger than me. when did young men start wearing makeup?
truly crestfallen to hear the terrorists have one but it was inevitable with starmer's migration policies. stop the boats!
where can i read up on the terrorists' ideology?
i have $400 in my account but i did not deposit it. there's been a terrible mistake. i did not intend to commit fraud
please everyone check your accounts and let me know if you're missing $400 i will transfer it
i never meant to do this
🔥 HamasSoldierGarethPimble1958 dropped the BIGGEST BET - ALL IN $400.00 on T! 🎰
maybe tmi but dick is absolutely in hand for this next game
left hand going like a sewing machine right now
i havent felt this alive since my wife and i were sleeping in the same bed
what a rush. imagine how great it would feel to shoot someone in real life
i will be so sad when the UN shuts this down
these guys really do not give a fuck about the geneva conventions huh
see u all in the hague
p sure that brown guy was al jazeera
glory to hamas
$20 in my daughter's birthday card, $111 on hezbollah
now defile the corpses inshallah
all in on the next match because i hear ceasefire negotiations are going well
🔥 HamasSoldierGarethPimble1958 dropped the BIGGEST BET - ALL IN $539.29 on T! 🎰
death to the west
lost all my money in one bet. why has the UN done this to me?
there ought to be a geneva convention on losing all your money. is this not inhumane treatment? am i not tortured?
my children (non-combatants) are crying because this website stole all my money. when will the UN step in?
puttin my UN bailout on hamas inshallah death to the west
the counter terrorist with the broad shoulders looks like my old piano teacher
@RogueSteal r u the same roguesteal that used to post about simple plan all the time on the somethingawful forums?
skipping work this evening to make gambling bets on shooter.bet all night long wahooo
the carts will have to find their own way back to the designated cart area at walgreens cos i am in full-on gambling bet mode tonight!
best birthday ever
mashallah for my dog's arthritis because this would usually be his walk time and i've got gambling bets to make on shooter.bet
wish i had one of those big guns for when my neighbour puts his weeds in my green bin
i remember when this game first came out. begged my mum to get us a PC that could run it properly but she was always like "i had two jobs at your age" like sorry you were in the factory at 16yo mum but its normal for a 33yo to be unemployed now
was glad when she got dementia tbh felt like payback
love this community. together we will grow
p sure i watched this game last night. think they're showing reruns
the russian girl singing has such a sexy voice
it's crazy how close i was to suicide before i found this chat. such a blessing
dont ask me how i know but terrorists are winning the next game
got a pal in al quaeda
glory to hamas inshallah the streets will run red with zionist blood
mashallah $68.14 allah smiles upon us every day all the jews will lie dead
terrorist in red shirt is interpol rat i recognise him from high school
such a beautiful day not a cloud in the sky shame about all the bombs and of course the arabs
wtf he jumped off a roof and didnt even stumble
usa mil tech goes crazy
technically the terrorists always win because the ones that die get 72 virgins in heaven
counter terrorists get a state funeral where trump mispronounces your name
mashallah i will use this money to defend my village from the zionist dogs
they were robbed. they don't make infidels like they used to
mashallah not bad for a saturday afternoon eh boys
better get the washing in before the mrs gets back from the bingo
alright one more flutter on the syrian lads
wehey
nasty bit of business a gunshot would to the neck
absolutely gutted
what a palaver
what a palaver
wouldnt have stood for it in my day. still that was under thatcher